Add documentation on making dev overlay plugins (#5183)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/dev-overlay-plugin-reference.mdx

Using [Vite's methods for client-server communication](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin.html#client-server-communication), dev overlay plugins can communicate with the server.

In addition to being able to send and receive custom messages, the dev overlay also sends the following messages, where `PLUGIN_ID` is the [plugin's ID](#id-string):

### `astro-dev-overlay:PLUGIN_ID:init`

This message is sent when the plugin is initialized. The data for this message is empty.

```ts title="integration.ts"
{
  // ...
  "astro:server:setup": ({ server }) => {
    server.ws.on("astro-dev-overlay:super-plugin:init", () => {
      console.log("My plugin was initialized!");
    });
  },
  // ...
}
```

### `astro-dev-overlay:PLUGIN_ID:toggle`

This message is sent when the user clicks on the plugin icon in the UI. The data for this message is a boolean indicating whether the plugin is enabled or not.

```ts title="integration.ts"
{
  // ...
  "astro:server:setup": ({ server }) => {
    server.ws.on("astro-dev-overlay:super-plugin:toggle", (data) => {
      console.log(`My plugin is now ${data.state ? "enabled" : "disabled"}!`);
    });
  },
  // ...
}
```

:::note

> The built-in `connection` event from Vite fire *before* dev overlay plugins are initialized. As such, trying to receive events from this event will not work inside plugins. Instead, use the `astro-dev-overlay:PLUGIN_ID:init` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built-in `connection` event from Vite fires **before** dev overlay plugins are initialized and therefore cannot be used directly by plugins. Instead, use the `astro-dev-overlay:PLUGIN_ID:init` event.
```
I know this is a little more generic, but would this be sufficient here?

Author: That's perfectly fine with me!
